{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs72\lang9 Revision Notes:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs22 Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.1:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Merged previous design into a single part. Lower fixation point of printed part from top of CS screws to bottom of CS screws.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Accomplishments: Merging of 2-part item sucesfull.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Issues: Need to bring back M4 nuts as spacers. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.2:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Removed M4 nut spacers. Had to shift CS fan back, as well. Printed part fixated to Wall-E. CS fan fixated to printed part via screw.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Accomplishments: Removal of M4 nut spacers was sucessfull.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Issues: CS fan may be hindered in CFM output because of being too close to the Wall-E.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.3:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Shifted CS tap hole/block to the front. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Accomplishments: CS fan forward shift successfull. Palpable backpressure airflow on the intake portion of the CS fan is not present anymore. Implication: increased CFM flow.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Issues: CS fan is offset forward by 1.5 mm. Physical hits belts.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.4:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Accounted for print inaccuracies for tap block dimensions.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Accomplishments: CS fan does not hit the CoreXY belts.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Issues: The printed part tilts forward, exposing the heater block to the CS fan flow. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.5 ( & Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.5):\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Added fixation of the bottom part of printed part for better stability.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Accomplishments: Eliminated the tilting of printed part.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Issues: Nozzle fan is a 3-part item. Asked for a change to slot fixation of the CS fan. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.6:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Combined the 3-part item into one. Changed to CS fan slot fixation\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Accomplishments: Merging was sucesfull\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Issues: Sagging does not allow printed part to fixate into correct position (tilting issue has come back). CS fan slot is too narrow on the thicknss side. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.7:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Accounted for sagging (1.5mm) of the intergate clip. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Accomplishments: Accomodation worked with the sagging clip. CS fan fixates properly in slot.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Issues: Bottom bar's clip (used to hook the Wall-E, right about the heater block) is not reliable/consistent for production printing.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.8:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Deemed unnecessary for fixation. Will rely on snug fit (minimal clearance) for tilting prevention Removed the outer clip from the bottom bar.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Accomplishments: Removed saggin hook/clip from bottom bar. More consistent results with identical prints. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Issues: Bottom bar (closest to the heated block) started sagging due to heat, during print tests.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.9:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Increased volume of the bottom bar.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Accomplishments: Has yet to sag with a 3hr print. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Issues: Softening of the bottom bar continues with prolonged prints. Inconsistent y axis restraint of the nozzle\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.10:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Increased the air gap between the heater block and the bottom bar to ~ 3.7 mm. This air gap increase was regional and positioned based on the results of previous  iterations with distinct softened/wavy regions. Added a hybrid clip configuration to the bottom bar. Increased nozzle fan clip length, used to restrain the nozzle in the Y axis.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Accomplishment: Regular temperature conditions do not cause melting. Fixation is much more secure. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Issues: Will start to melt with the high temperature ranges. Printing errors with fins.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.11:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Fixed prinitng error with fins. Address the melting region with high temp. conditions\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Accomplishments: Fins fixed.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Issues: No motor duct cooling. Form factor needs work. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.12:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Added motor duct. To keep slot fixation, moved slot entry to bottom. Minor adjustment to form factor by raising fans higher (close to limit). \b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Accomplishments: Motor cooling is present. Slot entry modification sucessfull. Nozzle fan installation successfull.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Issues: The motor duct is too long. Need to reduce height. \b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.13:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Focused on adding a more harmonious form factor. Covered the CS fan to reveal only the M3 thru holes and CS spinning fan. Angled the fan duct.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Accomplishments: Form factor is better in comparison to previous designs.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Issues: Minor asesthetic issues continue.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.14:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Additional form factor addition. Added more cohesive look to the top region of the fan duct. Had to convert nozzle fan insert from top to back side. Added wire clearance for the nozzle as well.Reduced the duct height to 2mm behind walle front face.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Accomplishments: Form factor improved. Nozzle fan wire clearance is succesfful. Nozzle fan insert sucessfull. \b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Issues: Nozzle fan fixation is a bit loose. Will fix when noticed. \b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.15:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Minor asesthetic changes. Included side ducts to the motor duct region.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Accomplishments: Asesthetic changes approved. \b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Issues: Additional minor asesthetic changes.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.16:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Minor asesthetic changes. More cohesive alignement with Wall-E. Uses M3 x 10 mm screws.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Accomplishments: Asesthetics improved.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Issues: New request for using a M3 x 12 mm screws.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.17:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Switching to M3 x 12 mm screws. Change to M3 thru hole ( 4 mm).\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Accomplishments: Switch was successfull.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Issues: Needs larger cold section fan slot clearance.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Intended Extrusion Parameters: < 0.6 mm extrusion width, < 0.3 mm layer height \b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.18:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Switching to M3 x 12 mm screws. Change to M3 thru hole ( 4 mm).\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Accomplishments: Slot clearance is now successful.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Issues: Bed adhesion on the sharp corners is not successful enough\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Intended Extrusion Parameters: < 0.6 mm extrusion width, < 0.3 mm layer height \b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Nozzle Fan Guide 2.0.19:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Added custom brims.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Accomplishments: Bed adhesion more consistent\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Issues: Pending.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Intended Extrusion Parameters: < (not equal to) 0.6 mm extrusion width, < 0.3 mm layer height \b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Crucial Slicer Settings For Cleaner & Successfull prints\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab\tab 1. Outer Wall Line Width = 0.55 (all other widths can be 0.6)\par
\tab\tab 2. Wall Line Count = 2\tab\tab\par
\tab\tab 3. Top Layers = 3+ (Not crucial, will help top layer finishing look) \par
\tab\tab 4. Bottom Pattern Initial Layer = Concentric (Not crucial, but helps with \tab\tab\tab\tab avoiding lifting of extrusion due to sharp turns)\par
\tab\tab 5. Print Thin Walls = Disable.\par
\tab\tab 6. Fill Gaps Between Walls = Nowhere.\par
\tab\tab 7. Build Plate Adhesion Type = Skirt (Not crucial, the 2.0.19 has custom brims. \tab\tab\tab\tab So, adding skirt is like a brim+skirt combo)\par
\tab\tab (Use the search bar in cura to find these settings).\b\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\b0\par
\par
}
 